### Reflection 4

At this point in the project we have been able to successfully implement everything in our dashboard that we aimed to at the start of our project. Ironically, the screen (the Summary View) that we had originally deemed as more of a stretch goal and less essential at the beginning turned out to deliver significantly more value than the other screen (Detailed View) in terms of conveying the relevant information in a succinct manner.

In terms of recurring themes in our feedback, most of them were related to design. However these were more aesthetic issues than overall user experience issues. We had a few of these issues come up in our Week 3 Milestone. 

The first was that our colour palette was slightly abrasive which we were able to adjust to something more aesthetically pleasing. Another larger point was that we had too many of the same types of graphs (i.e. our Detailed View screen contains only line graphs). We were able to address this feedback by implementing our Summary View screen that involved a horizontal bar chart showing cumulative happiness for each country (combining all features instead of our previous screen which broke them out for a closer view). Moreover, we were also able to implement an additional visual that was not in our original designs based on Andy’s feedback. This was a choropleth that displayed the happiness score for each country on a global, interactive map.

Some of the feedback that we found particularly valuable was related to these more aesthetic design components. As we have worked on software products in the past, we know that it is often smaller design changes which can result in an outsized impact in the user experience. Often, teams working on a project get myopic focus and lose some of the ability to see the project in the eyes of a first-time or newer user. The feedback that we got from Andy and Joel was very helpful for allowing us to see things which we might have otherwise missed.
